# Linux Config Files

---

This Repository was intended to function as smart storage to allow me to back up my most important configuration (a.k.a. "dot") files, while simultaneously allowing me to track the changes made to those files over time as I saw fit. Had I been more diligent about it, I could have used the version control system to resolve any problems that might occur as a result of specific changes I made, making it trivial to pinpoint the source of any issues I find. I could even have rolled everything back to a previous version if necessary. Unfortunately, it seems that instead of any of that, I seem to have made several versions of what should have been the same repository as separate repositories with similar names. This might have been salvagable if all of these repositories had the same or very similar files and file structures, but in this case no two of the repositories are alike in any significant way, and the files they have in common are drastically different due to being from very different time periods. 

The point of all of my rambling is to say that I have looked through all of these "dot files" repos and I've found that this current repository is the only one I have any use for, since it's the only one that comes close to matching the configuration files as they exist on my computer presently. That being said, it's possible that the outdated versions may contain useful configurations that I may want to revisit, and either way I didn't want to delete them before taking a much closer look and consolidating what I want to keep into this repo for posterity. What I'll do in the meantime is try to make some small edits that will help me avoid confusing those outdated repos with this current repo, and hopefully that will solve the problem until I decide how to consolidate them all into this one.

